(The lecturer enters the class. All the students wish him.)
Lecturer: Namaste, I am a Hindi lecturer.
My name is Gopal Verma.
What is your name?
Kavita : My name is Kavita.
Lecturer : Where do you work?
Kavita :  I work in the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Lecturer : What are you working as ?
Kavita: I am working as an assistant
Lecturer: Where do you stay?
Kavita :   I stay in Gandhi Nagar.
Lecturer :  How do you come here?
Kavita :  I come by bus.
Lecturer :  What is your name?
Ahmed : My name is Ahmed.
Lecturer : Where do you work?
Ahmed : I work in the C.P.W.D.
Lecturer : What are you working as ?
Ahmed : I am working as an engineer.
Lecturer: Where do you stay?
Ahmed : I stay in Tilak Nagar.
Lecturer :  How do you come here?
Ahmed : I come by scooter.
Sometimes I come by bus also.
Lecturer : Ok, see you tomorrow. Namaste.
All the students : Namaste.